fix timestamp string representation on different platforms (#6777)
realm/realm-core: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
* <How do the end-user experience this issue? what was the impact?> ([#????](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/????), since v?.?.?)

> * Fix timestamp rapresentation when converting to json on different platforms. ([#5451](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/5451)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix timestamp representation when serializing to json on different platforms. ([#5451](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/5451)).
```

Reviewer: This comment was not addressed.
